How much did he say?
2 billion this kid is crazy
Take 2 billion one million top coppers
media
With this money, didn't you play all over the motherland?
Mr. Ye
Are you sure it's 2 billion one million
OK
No way. He's lying.
2 billion I don't have that much money
What's more, you're an upstart
Where did you get so much money?
He's messing up
I request capital verification
Mr. Ye, I will request according to this side.
Would you like to enter the capital verification?
My money will be here soon.
It's already on its way.
Did you see it?
He's stalling
He doesn't have that much money at all
I advise you to kick him out quickly
If you are not realistic and have face
Then it's hard for me to do it too.
President Zhang
I said if I have money, I must have money
I've asked you to send my people over.
Give me another 10 minutes to stay, right?
Let me help you.
Come over
I told you so.
My money will be here soon.